Alright mate, let's have a proper look at how things went down this past week. I know it was a bit of a rough ride for us, but we have to keep our heads up and move on. We headed over to Brighton and it was a really tough outing for the boys. We ended up losing three-zero, and honestly, it was a bit of a shock to the system. We did not manage to get any goals on the board at all, which is never what we want to see when we are out on the road. It is a bit of a heavy result to take home, but we have to look at the bigger picture now and focus on what comes next.

Looking at the rest of the league, there were some massive moments that caught my eye. We have to talk about Brobbey because he was absolutely on fire for Sunderland. He managed to bag a hat-trick in that match against Man City. Even though Sunderland lost the game five-three, he was clearly the man of the match for them. It is always something special to see a hat-trick like that, especially against a side as big as Man City. On the disciplinary side of things, we saw some action with Fatawu from Ipswich Town. He ended up getting a red card in their match against Everton. It was a big moment in a game that ended one-zero for Everton.

There were a few other results across the country that were worth mentioning as well. Brentford had a really productive day and they managed to shut out Chelsea completely, winning three-zero. That was a big result for them. Then we saw a bit of a thriller over at Spurs where Aston Villa managed to grab a three-two win away from home. That is a result that is definitely going to be talked about for a while. Newcastle also got the job done, taking a two-one victory against Hull City. It was a bit of a different vibe over at Nott'm Forest where Coventry City managed to sneak out a one-zero win.

Liverpool also got their three points, beating Bournemouth one-zero in a bit of a cagey affair. Then we had Fulham and Man Utd playing out a one-one draw, which I suppose is a fair result for both sides. And then there was the stalemate between Leeds and Crystal Palace, which ended zero-zero. It was a bit of a quiet one for the fans there. Anyway, we have to look ahead to the next one. We are back at home next week and we will be facing Leeds. It is a massive opportunity for us to get back on track and pick up some points in front of our own fans. We need to turn this around.